add examples, description and grammer corrections (#238)
isovalent/ebpf-docs: docs/linux/map-type/BPF_MAP_TYPE_HASH_OF_MAPS.md

* The [`BPF_MAP_UPDATE_ELEM`](../syscall/BPF_MAP_UPDATE_ELEM.md) syscall command takes *file descriptor* of the BPF map you wish to insert into the map.
* The [bpf_map_lookup_elem](../helper-function/bpf_map_lookup_elem.md) returns a pointer to a file descriptor that refers to the inner map or `NULL`. This pointer can be used like any other in helpers that that map pointers.

# Attributes
The [`value_size`](../syscall/BPF_MAP_CREATE.md#value_size) must always be `4` indicating a 32-bit unsigned integer.

The [`inner_map_fd`](../syscall/BPF_MAP_CREATE.md#inner_map_fd) attribute must be set to the file descriptor of another map. This other map will serve as a template for the inner maps. After loading, during insertion of values, the kernel will verify that the spec of the inner map values you are attempting to insert match the spec of the map provided by this field. The map used to indicate the type is not linked to the map-in-map type in any way, it is just used to transfer type info. A common technique for loaders is to build a temporary map just for the purpose of providing the type info and freeing that map as soon as the outer map has been created.

# Example

> The following bpf program logs different syscall invoks for different uid's, in this case we logged `openat` and `chdir` syscalls for uid 1000, and `chmod` and `bind` for uid 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following bpf program logs different syscall invokes for different user ID's, in this case we logged `openat` and `chdir` syscalls for user ID 1000, and `chmod` and `bind` for user ID 0.
```

To make the spellcheck happy
